[Music]
What's up family how are you and what's up
my dear lovers of the heart well
brutal what just happened on
sálvame brutal the ridiculousness that they just
made today doesn't give me time to be direct
okay so today I'll tell you a little
here and if there's any news I'll
also bring it in audio but stay
tuned because I'll be informing you it
turns out that Rocío Carrasco came in by phone
to settle once and for all the
issue of she's gone she didn't go to the wedding that she did
n't go to ballet and me why didn't she
go to Carmen Borrego's son's wedding
okay anything or bad pity even pity
Carmen Borrego who was crying today
because this subject truly hurts them
is really her it's that they have always been
hesitating and bragging my Carrasco my
Carrasco they don't understand and they don't want to
assimilate that they are not on the same level I mean they
are not friends on the same level that
friendship is not reciprocal okay we have already been
talking about it great article
that José Jesús Manuel released the other day
Ruiz okay he made it very clear to us, I mean,
the relationship isn't that they've
distanced themselves, the relationship is what it is,
they are the same as before
okay
Carmen Borrego is tired of crying
because the issue has gotten too much for her and she
also says that she hasn't received a
nice word from her
colleagues, things that are true are that they have gotten
into, she's dealing with the
girl's physique, they are not colleagues, what do you expect from
the people you work with in
rescues?
Well, Rocío Carrasco has come in
to settle the issue and to clarify
why she hasn't gone and literally the
words that she has said have been I'm not going to
give any more explanations
and in La Reina de Telecinco and La Reina
de la Fábrica de la Tele, you have to adore
her, they have put a sign below which are the
words of Rocío Carrasco saying that
sisterhood is not demonstrated by going to a
wedding at the moment, the
bad moments are demonstrated you see that even so,
friendship and sisterhood are for the
bad moments for the good ones of
course but yes, it is my son's wedding
I want my sister to come
my sister
listen to me  imagine imagine that
imagine that at your son's wedding and your
father, that is, the grandfather says that he is not going to
the wedding that he does not feel like it because he has
an appointment at the petanque club and he goes and
says the grandparents show off to
change his diapers okay the grandparents
show off to change his diapers
and for whenever they want that here on the
weekends at weddings they do not
show off anymore what nonsense man if you are
part of the family and you are an
important person for the family you have to go
to an event like that okay he acts like a
cinnamon and deceives them and takes them in his
pocket like nothing terelu and carmen
borrego you know this typical face of
these masses so wide that you do not fit
in yourself of potter pride to place
the borrego like that while the race did
not speak the two like that with the face so
wide that it could not fit in itself no and
of course he began to ask her if she would
go to the wedding if it were Alejandro who
married the position of today to
Alejandra's wedding he would surely go if
Carmen Borrego's other daughter's house
depends on the circumstances and Carmen told
us María Patiño said
but it happens to you you feel
bad right now it could be the typical excuse of these
people it is the state of mental health and the
address that happens you feel
bad right now and that's why you can't go to the
places I don't know what has already been said the little bear
said I'm going to record more explanations
that no air until and then he does a
really good part that makes me laugh
okay with this I'm finishing the video but it
's that because my
chest really hurt from laughing there was a
moment when Carmen Alcayde brings up the
subject of
if she had gone to the wedding would you have
minded putting yourself in the photo in the
cover photo of the exclusive and it's comfortable
to begin with why do they ask her that
question rociíto like rociíto is a
guest would she be a guest at the wedding I mean yes yes yes
I'm getting married
in the photo with me in the cover photo
the logical thing is that my wife and I appear and maybe my mother who is the godmother who paints a guest at the wedding in  the
cover is already telling the
protagonists of the wedding that
they are less important than them, they
are not the protagonists of that magazine, they are being
told that, the important thing about
weddings is not you, we were
hoping that the Cio Carrascón would come, he has
come okay and there you are
telling the bride and groom that they are a zero on the
left, literally, the bride
was on the left of the
cover so far to the left they are on the
left look she
said look at my jewelry
the bride was so far to the left that they
cut her man you could hardly see a
dress anyway pathetic and Carmen Borre
well the Carrasco people of course
said that she would not have cared she would have
put herself in the photo of course she would and
Carmen Borrego answers her of course just like
I have put myself in yours
but you want but what does it matter if they
show you a photo of Rocío is going to
sell masks exclusive Rocío because
you show you the photo Carmen Borrego you
want the one who marches thank you because if
she wants to she puts herself on the same level
as if she were the same as Rocío
Carrasco as if the relationship were
reciprocal and as if the friendship were
reciprocal at the same level the days have
been shown that no, that you are
for Rocío Carrasco, I am not and will
never be what she is to you
and the way that you defend her,
she will never come out to defend
you, never because she says no, friends,
sisterhood is shown in bad
times, not being, not being a wedding and
how much more, how many bad times have
Terelu and Carmen Borrego had and she has not
gone for the jugular Rocío Carrasco just
as it is an obligation on the contrary, it is no longer the
same level of truth, borrego, Terelu,
las Campos, do not make a fool of yourselves anymore,
have a little dignity and love and
make yourselves worth it.
I was like that now like you
many years ago and at one point in life I
decided that I was worth, that I was worth a lot and
that I would give people, to each
person, the same as each person would give
for me, I will never give people more
than they give me,
any situation that we draw
will not be the same
in both of us  divisions of the places
as therefore connect people of these
people arroyo carrasco who attack the
carrasco these people come out to the neck as
if she were messing with a person
with let's go of their blood
that attack the field damn it does not appear at
the wedding of a very important event of
the family will take them out with appears if it
were the opposite they would leave what they
had to leave the work what they
had to leave to go okay and loves
the excuses in the nonsense and the ballplayer
but not really at least
humorously Carmen Borrego has
made me laugh a lot when she said it
very clearly that you should have put yourself in
our photo of course it had false
just like me it is yours indicated the ptwc do you
import what luggage does Rocío
Carrasco ask that you put yourself in a
character photo anyway family
we will see each other in the next video
[Music]